fix: tedious craher on bulk insert (#1935)
elastic/apm-agent-nodejs: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

[float]
===== Bug fixes

> * fix: fixes bug where tedious could crash the agent on bulk inserts
>   Reported [via the forum](https://discuss.elastic.co/t/apm-agent-crashes-nodejs-after-reporting-exception-in-tedious-instrumentation-code/259851)
> 
>   Error manifested via the following error statment.
> 
>   `Cannot read property 'statement' of undefined`
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fix: fixes bug where tedious could crash the agent on bulk inserts {pull}1935[#1935] +
  Reported https://discuss.elastic.co/t/apm-agent-crashes-nodejs-after-reporting-exception-in-tedious-instrumentation-code/259851[via the forum].
  The error symptom was: `Cannot read property 'statement' of undefined`
```

Fix asciidoc syntax. (Can you tell I've been writing ecs-logging (ascii)docs?)
